 according to the statistics of the property of the property, the british government, on the property of the property, must be paid by the chinese government in june 4.
 the article incorporates the convention incorporated into national legislation or into a legal norms that would enable it to be implemented with the provisions of article 4.
 the economic performance of the economy during the 1 quarter of 1993 was accompanied by good economic performance as a result of domestic and foreign demand.
 the department of peacekeeping operations accepted the proposal and pointed out that the inclusion of candidates should be included in the recruitment of the inclusion of the list.
 the 1 step of the 2 phase of the methodology calls for the establishment of grade levels as a basis for remuneration comparisons.
 in light of the gradual development of china's tourism market, it is considered that prices for these scenic zones may continue to rise.
 as a matter of fact, the current vacancy rate in commercial markets and market stalls has reached the peak in 5 years.
 it is hard to predict that peacekeeping is the most difficult to predict, as the assumptions held in the year are likely to emerge.
 it is important to take into account the intentions of the country, not the form of an instrument.
 a spokesman for the israeli government said that the occupying forces had stayed for a long time.
 some people are of the view that such action might not be used if the process of openness and transparency at the outset.
 this is very useful for member states to understand the complex nature of the issues dealt with by the court.
 the government of namibia, which was established in january 1996, has become the principal non-governmental organization for reproductive health.
 states parties are in the best position to report on the most critical health issues affecting women in their country.
 it has entered the powers of the international treaty, and therefore, in law, the law and the fact that it is subject to international law.
 while the current activities are still limited, the scale of space activity is expected to be expected to expand.
 it is therefore necessary to conduct investigations and conduct the facts.
 there is a need for adequate and predictable resources.
 the international community should be allowed to understand that the international community has decided and acted by the united nations security council.
 parents cannot, regardless of whether their own hands, are entirely pushed to schools and teachers.
 " we are pleased to see the implementation of one country, two systems, and hong kong people enjoy the results.
 on the list of speakers, the representative of malaysia, who will speak on behalf of the group of 21, will speak on behalf of the group.
 the government understands that the scheme is to avoid competition with the private property market and maintain the difference in sales of both.
 we have explored the control of the united nations in conducting a thorough analysis of the close consultations with the countries concerned.
 according to the provisions of the basic law, the 2 term chief executive shall elect the election committee by an election committee.
 if a person has a security message, the person must pay due attention to prevent the use of the installation of the installation of the installation.
 it also established a network of international e-commerce networks throughout the country and conducted the 1 foreign trade e-commerce network in october 1998.
 real gdp growth in 1996 was revised by 4.9% to 5.0%.
 following the visit to china for the first time, we will visit hong kong in october this year.
 the government of chile has introduced a new nuclear installation in the detonation of a new nuclear device on 8 june 1996.
 for the reasons stated at paragraph 18 above, the panel finds that the claim for military personnel compensation costs is in principle compensable.
 such appointments should be made by the president of the general assembly with the chairman of the regional groups.
 the long-standing and long-standing problems of the economies of the republic of belarus and the regular budget have been unable to make a rapid contribution to the organization.
 member of the panel of experts on the subject of a transitional period of transition between india and the united states.
 the warmth, mr. wong sheng-yun, a student of the university of china, was hardering.
 the committee points out, however, that the service of nations is not good.
 article 54 of the constitution refers to the establishment of a building education system, and the necessary necessary facilities and services will be established.
 a spokesman for the treasury said today (december 30) that they wish to use the internet to register on the internet.
 in conclusion, mr tsang paid tribute to the staff of the marine department, and other relevant other parties.
 okay, let's continue to look at other news.
 at the same time, a number of solutions to these groups require a number of preconditions.
 on the 8, the issue of tropical cyclone signal no. 8 was gradually returning to normal.
 this is regrettable, partly because of the draft united nations convention on the law of the sea, the draft convention on the law of the sea.
 therefore, we believe that the indonesian authorities are resolved to solve these problems.
 official language of the conference included english, russian, french and spanish, which this year includes romanian language this year.
 in the trading of local financial institutions and local financial institutions and local financial institutions and local financial institutions and local financial institutions and local financial institutions and local financial institutions.
 " in the long run, we are planning more multi-storey singletonels in areas where we are in the long run.
 it is essential to seek results, which will be feasible to multilateral cooperation in the future.
 the man was later arrested and convicted to theft.
 there was a concern for concern for the relief of humanitarian relief in the region.
 the prosecutor had already filed an appeal on the verdict, which was called falsely to france.
 the trend towards the economic slowdown in these countries is deeply disturbed by the economic slowdown.
 the 1 week.
 our socialist countries have entered the world as a result of the united nations, and share interaction with the north and west.
 thirdly, special emphasis is placed on the implementation of local, enterprises and the public to take part in the implementation of sustainable development strategies.
 the united nations can play a crucial role in promoting development efforts to promote development efforts in developing countries.
 " you can't understand the sword, " he said.
 (15) the international perspectives in words and thinking.
 it has been 2 months since the horrorous terrorist attacks took place on 11 september.
 chinese ministry of agriculture officials said that the measures that china controls regulatory controls have been fairly effective.
 chile agrees that the preventive deployment of united nations peacekeeping forces in peacekeeping forces can prevent the error of violence against the violent conflict.
 but at this critical time, it is essential for the coalition to recognize and recognize the enemies of its enemies.
 i very much hope that the administration will make a dialogue with the voices of the different voices.
 one speaker, on behalf of the african group, praised the efforts made by unifem for the evaluation of responses.
 the chinese government intends to set up 13 coal bases in the country early next year.
 in the wake of the response, this is moving step by step by step by step by step by step.
 as part of the day-to-day supervision exercise, the hkma will continue to closely monitor the credit card business.
 in our country, the arabic language is the 2 official language.
 university leaders and teachers.
 the credentials of representatives shall be issued by the head of state or government or by the minister for foreign affairs concerned.
 the content of the publication is enriched by a wide range of social and economic areas.
 the vast majority of the member states have demonstrated their tendency for an increase in the councils permanent and non-permanent membership.
 on the issue of the special stamps issued, customers can buy the second six months after the special stamp issue.
 following the visit, the deputy secretary for deputy secretary for deputy secretary, mr joseph lai, and deputy government department (ed)
 in 1971, she was found to be the development of the foundation.
 it is not easy to establish the impact of the electors and electioneering activities to contribute to the judges.
 the countries of the united nations, the south pacific member states, announced their intention to return to the nuclear tests carried out in the pacific.
 the graduation age is 15 years old.
 the cost of service is $ 20, " he added.
 bulldozers pushed out his homes and, in many cases, even the population.
 these actions can be targeted at the police, the armed forces, security forces, law enforcement officials, law enforcement officials, as well as humanitarian and peace-keeping personnel and the public.
 in fact, i am belgium to go to the relevant european parliaments of the european parliament.
 the concept of national sovereignty, national right to self-determination, national security and peace has taken place rapidly.
 such enquiries can help to find a real responsibility for the damage caused by space objects in space objects.
 at the 1st meeting, on 14 january, statements were made by the joint chairman, sharm el-ding ahmed ahmed ahmed.
 the committee affirms the need to strengthen the process of nation-building to consolidate the rule of law, democracy and civilized society.
 the conference on disarmament urges the conference on disarmament to agree on a programme of work which includes immediate establishments.
 the israeli army arrived at the scene to stop the israeli army.
 the structure of the word structure is even more tight, and simple, and content even greater.
 this continued high housing prices, not only the people's population, not only nervous.
 he did not talking about to take a stop. let's take a look at what we can say.
 we can never listen to the views of those academics who have professional knowledge of political science.
 as the saying goes, " it's a mistake to do so. "
 if the winning of the big national party is confirmed, it is expected that the detonation of the new millennium in the new millennium is expected.
 in the wake of the day after the day after the day, the bricks an glorious, each one is abruptly relocated.
 the mainland was open to taiwan to visit taiwan, and local companies have shown optimism.
 the most common aspect of the functional nature of its functionality is both the air and adoption of exclusive economic zones through the territorial sea and the territorial sea.
 the spokesman reminded members of the public to take precautions against such deceptions if they suspect, if they have doubts.
 margaret chan, on november 9, was officially elected to the director-general of the world health organization and became the first to serve as a hand-held chinese.
 the executive board may wish to take note of the report.
 without international conventions, it is provided for the implementation of the domestic law of extradition in accordance with international courtesy.
 the advance declaration on the universal declaration of human rights, adopted by the general assembly on 10 december 1948, has been a new era in relations with states.
 the committee commends the extensive human rights guarantees in the sloven constitution, in particular to guarantee the human rights of women.
 er, in this connection, there were no cachots in the world.
 non-discrimination is therefore a constitutional principle.
 we are celebrating the history of a history that has reached the peak in two more than two years, and in multiple political difficulties.
 since the government gazetted the government's homepage, the number of browssions from the printing department has significantly increased to nearly 60000 in november.
 there has been no such occurrence in the previous case or in the case of the commission.
 the state party may wish to address the problem in the near future.
 the work of the nuclear commission depends on the competence of their members and the manner in which it depends.
 the letter of authorisation of registration must be endorsed by the original school.
 the current contract has been signed, the working group and the provision of travel services will be reviewed in september 2002 for the quality of the services.
 however, as i know, we are seeking " quality " and do not mean that we consider " quantity ".
 it was generally agreed that the international community had nothing to put an end to the conflict.
 one of the requirements of the user is to assess the damage caused to crops and infrastructure.
 therefore, the government has taken the 1 step in advance of the two exchanges and clearing of hong kong's internal exchanges.
 with regard to the mano river union, regional offices have to assist the three ministers in the confidence-building measures taken in september and october.
 the minimum maximum penalty and the application of a murder, blasts, etc. will be added to a 1<unk>3 of the highest penalty.
 initial enquiries revealed that the bullet was fired by a genuine gun.
 when the waiting time for analysts care goes, the applicants are divided into three categories.
 this is one of the principal reasons for the spread of aids.
 carrot automobiles have lost their own style of life.
 this will make sure that co-existing and peaceful coexistence, together with diverse peoples and cultures, will contribute to the development of the world.
 on the food price, i am not sure that the business business of the business business in china can do anything.
 this will enhance the ability of local producers to produce movies in hong kong, " he added.
 i think all of that, i think, that we all understand that our genuine sense of life is qualified for the 17 years.
 in the case of mental health, the symptoms are mainly marginal.
 it is also appropriate to check the work done to cooperate with the relevant agencies of the relevant united nations.
 as the " product " of the market, parents can do much better.
 if there is a double-digit figure, the consequences will certainly be very serious.
 for those vietnamese and lao, who cannot be resettled, they will continue to seek voluntary repatriation.
 experience has shown that the new system had been working well during 1999.
 at the same time, the moratorium on nuclear testing was crucial to the entry into force of the ctbt.
 article 31 of the basic law stipulates that there is freedom of travel and immigration in hong kong residents.
 it was also considered that this might form a precedent, which is a precedent that all types of vessels should notify each other.
 right.
 since the government has been aware of the problem, it was never the government would never have legal advice.
 as at the end of august 1997, 34 chinese state-owned enterprises had been listed in hong kong and about $ 7000000000 through the local market.
 so far, monuc's air and land loma went over 30 tons of relief to goma.
 the committee is grateful for the challenges presented to the implementation of the drug law in the 21 century.
 under this approach, the gap between men and women is reflected in the gaps of working life.
 on the other hand, in 1994, it was impossible to engage in trade in egypt before the opening of the borders of 1994.
 madam president, the procession, in fact, is not a small group of people's right or political demands.
 the delay in delay would affect the credibility of the interview.
 the private sector corporate and foundation has recently increased the interest in cooperation with the united nations at a global level.
 there are no other opinions <unk> "
 i am very excited.
 there are two types of identity cards, one of which is the exception of the israelis who belong to the population.
 as time limit is limited, i am not able to make all the services available.
 the latest development in britain's political development does not seem to help hong kong an early settlement of this problem.
 the model part includes a model of virulent models of 3 persianweight models and removing oil.
 9 points of this growth were the result of changes in currency exchange rates.
 the typical illicit arms transactions were carried out in place where controls of arms import and export.
 switzerland will not tolerate the use of the financial system of switzerland to take advantage of the financial system of switzerland and does not tolerate them.
 most of the jobs are available for graduates from diploma or degree places, monthly salary of $ 8000 to $ 16000.
 details of the construction work performed by major contractors in the 3 quarter of 1999.
 as for the details of the committee's functions, it was requested to see the " financial and capital markets act " in the accompanying committee.
 in the near future, it is in the near future to broadcast the programmes in croatian nationals.
 civil society in the commonwealth is a significant complement and support for the official activities of the commonwealth.
 the chinese delegation is of the view that international nuclear disarmament efforts are now on the veracity, prospects of international nuclear disarmament.
 this is because mrs leung has more time to make it better. therefore, i support it.
 the indians, africa and the inter-american association of the americas think that a non-descendants are a minority in argentina.
 " in the coming three years, we plan to conduct an investigation into the survey by employers in the next three years.
 we are not clear about the chinese version of the chinese side. it is very good that hong kong officials have imagined for the mainland.
 on 21 and 22 may 2001, the college held a 5 plenary meeting in new york.
 however, the model law developed a criteria for the evaluation of the criteria for the signature of the parties, reliance on and certification services.
 as a result, there is a low rate of capacity for the implementation of national programmes.
 the commission will be guided by a gender perspective to consider the specific topics.
 " the hksar is warmly supportive of the mainland.
 for example, only a telephone number of 5300 per each of every 5 300 africans in saharan deserts.
 the press must respect the dignity and reputation of the human person.
 several days of closing in the gaza strip between the gaza strip and egypt were also closed for several days.
 as a result of the accelerated acceleration of the acceleration, the cost of transport and transportation has been reduced, and all departments are benefiting.
 it is true that the name of a booklet, or a collection of fangons, a booklet.
 36. the 2 is to attract the development of knowledge, technology and entrepreneurship.
 what she wants to do what could be done.
 when we talk about taiwan's small taiwan children, it does not really find it hard to see the influence of unavailability.
 based on the cost of shipping counts, the cost of freight can be calculated at a higher level of value.
 actually, the secretary for housing invited me to speak at the dinner, explaining that there is no relationship between this and reconstruction zone.
 an independent expert group was entrusted with an independent expert group to encourage consultants to operate in an open and transparent manner.
 i have not seen this report, but i often hear such reports.
 (a) the application forms of application form for the cyberport will be required to make use of standard application forms for the cyberport.
 in terms of films, hou hsiao-hsien's " pai-hsien " is a " pao-kuo ". yang ting-hsien's " pai-ken street ", hou ching-chang and alexander.
 the united nations will face the test.
 the medical officer once said that he could be able to reach about four years later.
 it's very difficult.
 in the department's central institutions, the proportion of women accounts for more than 50 per cent of existing staff, 1<unk>3 of the managerial positions.
 the court found that the buyer did not perform its obligation to pay the purchase price.
 the independent human rights association of the region shall have a channel of contacts with the league of arab states.
 if the sponsors of the 1 sponsors of the sponsors of the sponsors of the sponsors, it will create a record: this will be the true olympic level.
 iraq has been requested to provide a response in the form of a supplementary report by 16 august 2002.
 the sfc's recent commitment to the financial centre and the financial centre will make a report on the status of hong kong as a financial centre.
 the meeting expressed the view that the competence of elections be held in the general assembly, not the privileges of the security council.
 the visitors can also take this opportunity to take this opportunity.
 we have a great objective. we have a great objective to develop hong kong into a international metropolitan area for asia.
 at the dinner, the director of social welfare, mrs carrie lam cheng yu-kui, managing director of social welfare, distributed to all senior citizens in the new year.
 the honourable mrs selina chow proposes to enhance the use of the " juvenile police hearing ".
 a breakthrough in overseas markets was found.
 i would like to point out that the amendment proposed by mr lee cheuk-yan will be misleading.
 shanghai international trade and export company, in zhejiang province, is similar to the above-mentioned situation.
 the hong kong shipping shipping company's understanding of the mainland china shipping industry has a good commercial decision to ensure cost-effective commercial decisions.
 it is a priority that helps the government and people of sierra leone to consolidate peace after the civil war in civil war.
 according to he said, history is exactly the same.
 the national development framework of the transitional government demonstrated the role of the country in economic and social development.
 the committee recommends that the state party consider the terms of reference of the employment bureau to encompass all aspects of racial discrimination.
 this is the driving force of the peace process in the democratic republic of the congo, without which international support will be invalid.
 the industrialization partner, however, still needs to do much to reduce tariffs and non-tariff barriers.
 the representative of costa rica noted that the mission was a member of the committee, since the commission had always been actively engaged.
 israel is proud to be proud of the ancient traditions of the world as a whole.
 <unk> the information services department will take place on january 7, 2001 by the director of information services, mrs yvonne choi.
 the dancers handed over to the gods of fresh flowers, and then thrown into the audience.
 the situation in the united nations social society is the most disturbing.
 as a result, there was another emergency to seek medical treatment.
 questionnaires had been delivered to all programme and donor governments, national panels and united nations agencies.
 in addition to the beauty of the photos, the crews are also taking a big picture. they don't forget to bear a big picture.
 the aim is to make a pressure on 3-party pressure, peace-building, in order to enable a healthy war to war.
 a no fire broke out in a no. 3 alarm fire in tai po.
 we plan to introduce the bill into the legislative council in 2004.
 the people of kosovo, the people of the community, should not allow them towed them away.
 it must not be borne in mind that these are all public money and absolutely not wasteless.
 on the contrary, there will be a multiplier degree in the coming year.
 i have often recently attended the population of the population.
 a copy of the copy of these statements, as the prosecutor or the person, should be sent without delay.
 on the 5th, qin chin-yu said that soong chu-yu arrived in xi'an on may 5, he will meet in beijing and hu jintao.
 the committee also notes that additional information was provided during the consideration of the report during the consideration of the report.
 a major train explosion occurred on the 22 of north korea's north korean highway.
 the activities of the special rapporteur also include the extensive briefing to citizens of civil society, non-governmental organizations, lawyers and representatives of journalists.
 i do not agree with the tactic and expression of the people of hong kong.
 however, international trafficking in human beings involves other areas, including the clothing industry, agriculture and industry.
 i am not belonging to my own, but i often hear religious spirits.
 i am afraid that before the establishment of the sar government, only the chinese government will be eligible to represent the future sar government.
 we need to assess the impact of the elections to the administration and the legislative council, " he added.
 okay, thank you for the comments made by mr. qiu zhenhai.
 as a matter of fact, we have already implemented some of its provisions, particularly concerning the activities relating to mine-clearing activities.
 he further noted that the trade in latin america was 12 per cent per year.
 the number of unemployment has been reduced to 19.30000 and 4.3 for the first time to be reduced to 200000.
 in the year 2004, the import and export bank of the united states provided financial assistance to the usa to us$ 17800000000 in the world.
 meetings will be held on thursday, 5 and 6 june, on thursday, 6 june and 6 june.
 at present, the government is considering the possibility to take legal action on the issue of the old site of the treasury.
 the establishment of 36 posts, 18 posts were set up with the costs of the support account and 18 posts were paid from the regular budget.
 in taiwan, his " 3 route " is the primary reference of chen shui-bian's " new middle route ".
 right, the sword for double-edged swords, we are here.
 in addition, the transport department has increased daily raids by the td daily to check the conduct of current-on-the-spots.
 it is not only in the constitution and in other documents, not only in the constitution and in other documents.
 i would like to bring the attention of council members to the critical situation of external debt in the central african republic.
 if they want to be on-site, the location, at 9:30 am, is the u. s., at the u. s., at the u. s., usa.
 the book shall be kept in the last 3 years since the finalization of the book shall be kept on the board.
 there has been a reduction of 2000000000 people.
 a large number of people in bangkok are now in the process of cross-making prior to the start of the wto.
 we fully support the similar statement made by the secretary-general and other united nations representatives.
 during the period, taxis in urban areas will be able to pick up car parks at the road roundabout between yin and h.
 the united nations transfer of conventional arms represents a transparent measure of arms transfer between sovereign states and legitimate arms transfers.
 the latest figures show that some local employers have continued to streamline the manpower due to economic slow-down and business prospects.
 it needs to be mutually recognized. "
 such punishments are applicable only to citizens of the czech republic, nor have access to a refugee status.
 whenever i go to my children, i am all very deeply concerned that the campaign is a very serious matter which is a very serious matter.
 the committee on human rights and human rights also participated in the international seminar.
 research related to gender disparities and inequality affects the lack of research in the cumulative process.
 according to conservative estimates of the biblo centre and the environmental protection agency, these technological applications could reach several000000000 dollars.
 the government today (december 22) announced the appointment of 12 members of the labour advisory board (lab) for a term of two years starting from next january.
 the 3 group is to pay particular attention to the elderly.
 " for the long-standing surplus of the east asian region, it is also a good step to add. "
 the swd has been able to provide counselling and counselling for her family.
 the country's burden of accommodation was up to 80 per cent.
 these developments further contribute to the strategic changes in the post-cold-war era.
 there appears to be some difficulties in determining the number of refugees in west timor.
 there is no place in which these persons have been deprived of their resources.
 it was also agreed that all foreign forces, whether they were invited or not, should withdraw from the democratic republic of the congo.
 with regard to the recruitment of police officers, payrolls, training and management recommendations also apply to prison guards in the prisons.
 " the inspection also found that the capacity of the bridge was adequate to meet traffic, public utilities and other loadings. "
 for nearly 30 years, the concept of common heritage has been incorporated or reflected in some of the international conventions.
 the department's department of living offices and the cabinet of cabinet was located.
 it is envisaged that all helicopters were deployed before the 1 round of ballots.
 i hope hong kong will always be a showcase of sunshine, rains, prosperity, prosperity and prosperity.
 over a long time, there have been a number of manufacturing industries in hong kong, which has been the main power of economic and social development.
 we therefore emphasize, first and foremost, the obligations under which nuclear powers were to be concluded in 1996, to the conclusion of the ctbt.
 in contrast, the largest internet service providers in the united states only maintained only the ratio of a network of 20 users.
 since the opening of reform, smes have made important contributions to achieve a common well-off, a strategic goal of social stability.
 with the warming of the warmth and racing of warmth, the carpage will be long enough to reach five or 60 cents.
 i hope that, in the course of today's meeting, the secretary-general can enjoy the presence of the general assembly hall this year.
 <unk> there is no provision for the granting of the guardianship to give up the custody of his guardian.
 for example, the agreed measures agreed to include the implementation of a uniform travel document for countries in the region.
 as the saying goes, there is a real friend.
 mr howard young: mr president, workers unemployment, employment and career career problems have been plagued for some time in hong kong.
 " even when they entered the station, we should not give up their performances. "
 otherwise, the draft articles would lose its practical role.
 therefore, the average inflation rate last year had a sharp rise in the average inflation rate.
 in other words, they are no longer going to have the right to use drugs and antibiotics.
 the current average age of greek cypriots is 66 years old.
 the same projection has also been put forward by the economic experts of the high company.
 the project also allows greater public knowledge of the merits of cultural diversity and the preservation of such diversity as well as in this regard.
 in view of the number of applications for single persons, the government is considering whether there is a need for increased quotas.
 the above-mentioned seizure assets were carried out by the judges in accordance with the criminal procedure act.
 judging from this, we can see that the only student's death to die of death.
 a patient medical medical medical medical medical medical medical medical medical medical medical medical medical medical medical medical supplies were provided to the agency's health-care facilities.
 the land reform plan is not only redistributing.
 in the light of this theme, the meeting sought to remind people that one person died or maimed as a result of a anti<unk>personnel mines.
 when they come to neighbours, there were only a number of handicraft crafts.
 motorists are advised to conduct traffic police officers in accordance with the directive and comply with the police officer.
 this conclusion was surprising, since the legal adviser had previously been reprimanded as a result of the irregularity of the defence counsel.
 in the assistance of ilo, the government of benin is considering the possibility of expanding the material or personal coverage of the existing social security system.
 amputation of amputation has been used for their lives and affect their ability to work, work and normal lives.
 in 2001, the united states, japan, the united states and a number of other developing countries had been reduced simultaneously.
 after promoting the scheme, quite a number of colleagues are expected to take life-long journeys.
 he was reportedly hidden in hiding after written complaints, after written complaints by his father, officials of the ministry of interior.
 other nb officers also arrested a 40-year-old man in the vicinity.
 in fact, the only location for low-skilled skills is the low-level service sector.
 the project shows that a small business-funded approach is based on the previous policy experiences that focuses on credit subsidies.
 as a result of the " charter for youth ", mrs miriam lau said he claimed " charter for youth ".
 the three men suspected to be conspiracy to obtain the woman's money.
 they are open to the opening of a gradual-and-dimensional approach, in the light of the government's policy of monetary, financial, trade and other macroeconomic policies.
 in the context of international moral and international law, it is impossible to support iraq's war against iraq.
 the concept of real development should encompass universal respect for all universal respect for human rights.
 state practice shows that the length of the length of the person concerned with the right of option is significant.
 the islamic state of afghanistan eagerly expects the security council to continue its consideration of the agenda before it and could also be re-examined.
 the countries have achieved a large number of reducing populations living in poverty, although the asian economic crisis has declined.
 as a result, countries with poor poverty were not available.
 recognition of the role of neighbouring countries in the security and economic spheres.
 the security council is deeply concerned at the deterioration in the situation in and around the republic of croatia.
 in view of the return of warmer weather, the 9 temporary cold shelters operated by the home affairs department were closed at 4.30 pm today (february 5).
 to that end, it should be committed to the goal of multi-generation intergenerational and working together.
 pray company discovered development, manufacture, manufacturing and marketing medicine, as well as many of the world's well-known consumer products.
 as a result, the veterinary officer has been deployed to the scene at the scene, " he said.
 the secretariat had analysed a large number of missions survey data on a self-sustainable rate of self-sustaining.
 if the problem of floods in the new territories is to be implemented, we must implement the shenzhen river administration project.
 both legal and ethical capitalism often lead to drug trafficking, organized crime and corruption.
 when chen ching-kuen's work entered the wall's work, chen was able to work out the walls.
 the one-way source of the xiamen-annkins one-way can be shortened to 40 minutes away from the current one hour.
 the report has been described as a comprehensive picture of the deterioration of the economic situation in the occupied palestinian territories.
 <unk> don't make a large amount of cash or valuable property.
 at least 17 people were shot dead and 38 individuals were burned alive.
 the working group and international human rights services, together with international human rights services, had joined in the workshop in 1997 to address these issues.
 28 immigration investigators and 13 police officers raided 7 targets in sham shui po in sham shui po.
 the contracting authority, therefore, would prefer to take into account the measures that may be required.
 both developed and developing countries and countries with economies in transition are extremely important for trade and foreign exchange earnings, developing countries, especially in developing countries.
 according to the same sources, more than 800 persons were reported to have been killed by the cpn (mainist) in relation to the police.
 in accordance with the law section 22, a person's guilty of terrorist activity has a legal responsibility under the existing legislation.
 mr president, the problem of the smetters will be thoroughly resolved.
 over 200 million children were killed in armed conflict in the course of armed conflict and had left permanent disability or serious injury.
 there is also a great help for the development of eco-tourism. "
 essentially, it is a tangible commitment in the north-western part of the government.
 if the housing authority fails to make improvements or impact, the department will issue warning letters to the department.
 the spread of hiv <unk> aids in our region is also a source of concern.
 in addition, we have once again been the one of the world's freest and most competitive economies.
 the highways department today (july 20) signed a construction contract of $ 6888000000 for the construction of $ 6888000000.
 i have checked the hong kong legislation to see that 382 of the basic law is 382.
 first, cooperation in non-traditional areas of non-traditional security.
 from may to july this year, the unemployment and employment of most of the major industries remained stable.
 i believe that this is not easy, but if the quota system is quota, more people were absorbed by the market.
 furthermore, australia is actively participating actively in the negotiation of the international convention for the suppression of the financing of terrorism.
 the regulation, together with the factories and industrial undertakings (social noises) regulation, will be effective in order to facilitate the effective implementation of the scheme.
 the letter will not always improve the trust of the united kingdom and the libyan arab jamahiriya in relation to the relations between the united kingdom and the libyan arab jamahiriya.
 we firmly believe, however, that the report of the secretary-general contains the right framework for the future in east timor.
 in some parts of the world, the number of increments and the corresponding numbers are growth.
 we look forward to continuing in this regard, " the spokesman said.
 the state party submits that the same reasoning should apply to the present case.
 he was informed that the causes of conflict in the darfur conflict were a dispute between the ethnicity of the farmer in the area of crops and crops.
 the amendment has been reserved for the development of community facilities such as the development of the fire services bureau and local open space.
 otherwise, the international community might have no choice but to get from liberia.
 the introduction of the details will also provide assistance to those interested in upgrading their language skills.
 when she is sitting on the plate of the boss, the savages of the bosbs and from time to time are expelled from time to time.
 in the case of the jurisdiction of the garrison, the proposed bill of garrison law is the same as the british forces.
 the spokesman pointed out that the purpose of the establishment of a resource centre was not encouraging to encourage the people to defend themselves.
 on the other hand, the chairman of the joint conference made a discussion of the discussion and follow-up actions will also be taken.
 in addition, we will be prepared for the 2003 elections to be prepared for the 2003 elections.
 vehicular passage through the secretariat entrance located on 1 avenue, is restricted solely to the vehicle with a special labelling vehicle.
 when they were faced with village pressures, the villagers were reminded to make three years of time.
 the institute for land reform was established as a executing agency for a land transfer plan, which is the result of the peace agreements.
 in the light of the information provided, the advisory committee was not opposed to those posts.
 anyone who has information on the girl or the girl is urged to contact mong kok police station, calling on 2398 6329.
 in 1997, the institute has designated a formal certification agency to facilitate the implementation of improved quality and productivity programmes.
 we are very small this morning, and i think i would like to focus on two issues in my speech.
 in response to education, emphasis is given to education, increasing the inputs of education, which is the necessary means and means to promote social development.
 ruf is not the army, and it is certainly not sure that the army of treason has not been subjected to the army.
 field assets control system is designed to be a series of audits for united nations assets, which is to be disposed of at the end of the initial procurement.
 but not.
 for security reasons, in order to protect the environment, it is essential for the sake of the protection of the environment, unexploded, undomission gas and chemical.
 the offence of treason was found in the common law system.
 worse still, the threat to the destruction of nuclear weapons appears to be firmly rooted in the minds of many people.
 people in the village have been threatened to take away.
 armed conflicts in the darfur region began in february of last year.
 non-discrimination rights are part of the international protection of human rights, and in particular of the system of pluralistic systems.
 the procedures are confidential in the commission, which shall not be levied in accordance with the rules.
 however, as the economy gradually recovers, we believe hong kong's rankings will pick up in the future.
 the choice is to choose whether or not to sign the contract.
 efforts will continue to be made, but will be a challenge.
 they are inclined to retreat back to retreat.
 at that time, governor patten is busy preparing the preparatory work for the conservative party.
 asianet daily summary-press releases for friday, november 16, 2001.
 it may be disappointed, however, that only one accused has been sent to the court for trial.
 in order to avoid conflict, the role of the council must be co-ordinated with the role of the court in order to ensure independence of the latter.
 the loss of life, especially children, is always sad and saddened to go beyond the national and religious boundaries.
 the chill in the operation includes $ 50000, including $ 50000.
 in recent years, there have been a change in the world economy.
 these guidelines have been uploaded by the buildings department and to all management companies and owners ' corporations.
 they were of the view that the level of science and technology, which is known as technology, could not be used.
 while member states were asked to strengthen field representatives in accordance with the operating plan, their progress is being hampered by resource shortages.
 at about 3 p.m. local time, a car bombed near the mahahahah market at the centre of the city centre.
 special permits are issued to the security guards at the session, as well as personal interviews from the security guards and security guards.
 the latest maps and access to new images have been transmitted quickly to aid agencies.
 the plan, including students, men, women and children, have no gender discrimination.
 however, the united nations peacekeeping force and other united nations bodies had undertaken demining activities in the mission undertaken in the mission.
 the royal government of cambodia has provided legal protection to the human rights protection of hiv <unk> aids and protects the human rights of these peoples.
 then, once again, the housing department should check again on the housing department and other time to check again.
 drop-out rates for girls are still higher than for boys, in secondary schools and university.
 on the other hand, both anti-bian and chen bian-chen factions have entered the break.
 there is no difficulty in establishing and entering into such private schools.
 but never thought that her decision had changed her decision.
 the department will have received warning letters from the department of transport department.
 it is, uh, in the united states, that is, er, in the united states.
 chairman of the environmental capital association<unk> senior adviser to the president of the world bank.
 if the senior officials are interested in their interest in business, they will do business as a result.
 it should also take into account the spread of the international system over the past decade, particularly in the context of globalization and the dissemination of new technologies.
 it's impossible to say that there are no doubts about it.
 cuba's sugar quotas have been proposed to eliminate cubas markets.
 in the longer term, however, the government still intends to recruit suitable candidates.
 another 3 children have been released, but the second day must be reported to the gendarmerie.
 mr pai made the modernization of the hong kong sar's trademark legislation.
 the greater the voter turns to the vote, of course our 1 legco will be representative.
 a remote area, an area of 400 kilometres, is about 22000 km within a distance of 13 minutes.
 i believe it would be quite better if he is not enough to get a break.
 this practice is obviously the administration of administration.
 an armed attack on the turkish cypriot community was being accompanied by an armed attack on the turkish cypriot community.
 the delegation of argentina proposed to include model numbers, except in addition to the numbers.
 we are liaising with the canadian authorities to understand the details of the case, " he added.
 the chinese delegation wishes to express its appreciation to the delegations that have contributed positively to the work of the subject.
 no one has to turn to him.
 with regard to the uncertainty of the marital situation, she asked whether it was asked to find out the root causes of family divisions.
 the fact is that the situation of earth is worse than a year ago.
 the government announced today (april 20) the appointment of the members of the advisory council and the appointment of the special adviser.
 he will carry out major changes in the securities and futures markets and strengthen supervision of the banking sector.
 as a result, the emphasis placed on improved quality and access to information has been prompted to participate in all levels of activities at all levels.
 the delegation said that the majority of the mission had been caused by external forces, uncontrolled groups and individuals.
 " this has been achieved by the success and dedication of each of our colleagues in the past and its current colleagues.
 the presentation ceremony will be held in january 2001.
 in order to improve the standard of living of children and to improve services, parents are paying a fee of household income.
 however, further efforts need to be made to facilitate the results of the publicity work so as to attract the attention of relevant national authorities.
 those criminal acts should not permit those criminal acts to be implemented, in support of those criminal acts or in other ways.
 on july 26 this year, he was able to taxi taxi through sha tin and saw a security guard who pursued him two burglaries.
 it is the view of the council that he must be responsible for his own actions.
 with traditional business environments, salesers can only take care of what he actually can actually contact or contact the client.
 article 54 of the constitution states that expatriates within the territory of the territory shall be protected under the law of haiti.
 the member states of the european union have had a period of three years to bring their laws into line with 6 june 2000.
 the pfp is anger in an anger in an anger, and pressed a press conference with bitterness of the kmt back.
 it reaffirms the importance of the " treaty on the limitation of anti-ballistic missile systems ".
 the performance of the regional economy in the region was still underwent by the japanese economy.
 it is unrealistic for others to cry for themselves.
 with a lot of wooden shells, the steadfasts will be sold.
 the business of taiwan's water production experiments in taiwan's water production experiments have failed.
 despite the issue of the international community, the security council is being eliminated through numerous resolutions, a multiracial, multicultural and multi-religious society.
 the hong kong monetary authority (hkma) will regulate monitoring functions and standards under the authority of the sfc.
 the dust was brought back to captur samples.
 we would like to see the fact that the university of peace has a real nature and a truly global mission.
 the population estimate is an important element in prediction and projections for the development and projections of private and commercial organizations.
 more than a few years ago, the chinese new lunar new year will be invited to attend the chinese new lunar new year.
 the united states government admits that diplomatic immunity should be accorded by the cuban diplomatic bank.
 2, the adjudication fee shall be paid in respect of the instrument of mandatory adjudication.
 during the competition, students had to cope with accidents, such as power power interruption, blackspot attacks, equipment and passwords.
 we are now considering the views of the trade and the implementation of proposals.
 staff of the board also visited undcp in thailand and in the field offices of thailand.
 the bill does not contain any particular reference to the use of a company or a company to conceal its loan or a company.
 it was also said that the chinese people would avoid thinking about their names, but they are so big.
 the department of health had provided health education to the family and disinfected his home in his home.
 i turn now to the question of post-conflict peace-building, in view of the current situation in our post-conflict peace-building.
 the non-governmental organization also suggested that the high commissioner should take the initiative on the implementation of the recommendations made by the special rapporteur.
 in the endeavour to take the necessary action, we refuse to look at the aspect of a single aspect.
 we are watching closely the process of the question of palestine in the middle east question.
 if the members of the council agree.
 these threats, including weakening of the concept of sovereignty, have been in the hands of the technology.
 the maintenance of world security and peace cannot be pursued by the development of the international community.
 the state of emergency in lima state of emergency was renewed on 15 december.
 in a few days after the taliban occupation of mazar-i-sharif, the authorities began to proceed to other places of detention.
 the unique nature of the missile has enabled them to be very suitable for the use of threats, deterrence, coercion, self-defence and reprisals.
 it is the government's policy to adopt a platform for opening up standards as a platform for application systems as the application systems.
 in addition, there are 106 private child care centres at 156 and 106 in the 156 private children.
 the two parties have taken military action in the wake of the incident, but there were no major changes in the front line.
 in addition, a series of new chim games were also designed to enable children to perform their talents.
 however, the relevant departments will take immediate action on some immediate dangers.
 the expert commission can draw new images with the images of the committees database and the latest image of the latest (or 15000) comparisons.
 the estimates for a 10 per cent vacancy rate were included in the estimates of local staff.
 the use of coal from coal to natural gas will also reduce sulphur, nitrogen, and co2 carbon dioxide.
 works will start early next year for completion in early 2001.
 large establishments include the establishment of more than 100 or more persons, with 50 or more persons with 50 or more.
 pursuant to section 2 of the criminal code, section 2, chapter 23 of the criminal code, is lower than the maximum maximum limits applied to the completed crime.
 by the general assembly, the general assembly had recently adopted resolution 56<unk>222, from the list of non-self-governing territories to east timor.
 mr. wang (china) (interpretation from chinese): on 23 july, the king of morocco, passed away from the world, passed away.
 on 14 february, the government of rwanda informed the rwanda operation of the rwanda operation and the other 5 suspects were arrested.
 of these, 6 are implemented by non-governmental organizations and the remaining 19 were organised by swd.
 finally, i would like to refer to the special concerns of two spain.
 the automobiles who do not have any rear mirrors were unauthorised.
 2, small-and medium-sized enterprises (smes " smes ") are insufficient.
 8 days later, the u.s., the u.s., is between the two.
 more than 2,000 african violets will be displayed at the hong kong park greenhouse during the easter period from december 13 to 16.
 the survey will provide a reliable, reliable and up-to-date information on the standard of living of the whole territory.
 one of the hot spots of the family members is the launching of the new lens games this year.
 it is precisely in the context of legislation to abolish the death penalty in 1993.
 it is also aware that afriage was very effective to vomiting and other disorders.
 15 catholics of catholics and charities, as well as his numerous staff, were said to have been executed in dili.
 he noted in particular that the legislation was amended in 1999 to give more investigative powers and independence to the competition management.
 the secretary for foreign affairs of china, japan and south korea, was held in beijing.
 he will deliver a keynote address.
 in order to take into account the interests of each other, the international community can cooperate together.
 the ministry of finance submitted a response to the order of 19 january 2001.
 " the government's objective objective is to stabilize the property market, and property prices will not fall largely.
 the honourable lau ping-cheung just now likes to say that if he wants to apply, mr lau ping-cheung said.
 the sponsor delegation said that the interpretation of the proposal could be found in the articles 10 to 22 of the charter.
 in any case, countries possessing stocks must begin to collect data on the storage and production records of history.
 it should be noted that the data contained in these tables were derived from the relevant agencies.
 i remember, some of them used " vested interests ", such as " vested interests ".
 i believe that many people will not agree with this view, but to oppose the land departure tax departure tax.
 under the contract, the issue of traffic <unk> transport issues must be agreed upon by all those in the region.
 the angolan armed forces also captured the offensive of the southern part of the south-eastern part of the country's south-eastern part of the country.
 if we decide on extending the scheme, we intend to continue to prove that industries which are affected by labour shortages have been affected.
 as a result, the number of floating trains in germany in germany is $ 8000000000.
 in 2001, the court had received an embroidery produced by the government of the people's republic of china in 2001.
 this type of work will continue to be carried out by divisions, and needs to be considered and approved by the division.
 police will implement special traffic arrangements on hong kong island in order to hold a chest chest.
 the private universities have also given relief fees from the student economic situation.
 the improvement of relations with egypt and the resumption of multilateral negotiations is indispensable to further realization of all peoples of our region.
 his powerless strength was extremely strong, and his grand sensible was the pain of helmonary pain.
 some police officers will be involved in the interviewers of the perpetrators.
 although those who were not feeling uncomfortable in medicines were found to be in medicine, the medicines are being sold through a german company.
 it welcomed the ratification of the treaty on the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons as a non-nuclear-weapon state.
 israel continues to make the opening up of the tunnel under the wall of the al-qaq al-qa mosque.
 as a spring festival during the spring festival period this year, the travel industry council has not received any complaints from visitors.
 " i believe you will become important assets between the two places, " he added.
 he then said.
 the ministry of defence has carried out a depreciation adjustment to reflect the involvement of the latter.
 so, if they were concerned about the rights of protesters, we should not let down our spirit.
 the private car escaped the scene at the scene from the sha tau kok road near shing kok road.
 although the evidence is well documented, they are still defending, saying they are not " changing ".
 governments have taken various methods to control the tendency to control these monopolies.
 it must be noted, however, that, in the context of their own distinct roles and mission conditions, the performance of the institutions is unfair and unfair.
 i believe not only today, but it will not only affect the future.
 the political dimension of the environment has gone out of its wind, and even undefined as usual.
 " our immunization system is like the army, like the army, can resist the bacteria. "
 the perpetuation of citizens and the degree of participation is high.
 this resulted in the drop in underground water in the gaza strip and caused salt water from the sea to eastward.
 i think that this week we have an important sense of assembly to demonstrate that we jointly defeated the international community of international health.
 i am also grateful to the secretary-general for his appreciation and appreciation for the report that he has presented today.
 we must fulfil this international responsibility, " he added.
 argentina, for its part, has been sacrificed after several decades of political instability.
 the hsiania valley, which only left her many legends, is branded on people's mind.
 what we are known to all of us is an important variable.
 it is an important part of the united nations involvement in the work of the oceans.
 in historical history, there was no other way in which other children had died.
 " we 've got to the mainland as a whole and to the heart of our peoples, " he added.
 as the chairman of the advisory board of consultants, i shall be able to make a good foundation on the good side of the previous ad hoc committee.
 otherwise, sanctions are likely to be a means of implementing the imposition of ethics and the intentions of the entire international community.
 in recent years, the amount of cocaine seizures in croatia was low, compared with 913 kg of cocaine.
 pakistan therefore supports the mexican proposal that the relevant united nations bodies would seriously consider the request of the international court of supplementary budgets.
 the mandatory provident fund schemes authority (mpfa) has issued the detailed arrangements for the establishment and operation of the industries.
 then, he was taken away by a police vehicle in a coma state and was taken away by a police vehicle on the board.
 with regard to the environment, international efforts should be undertaken in a more effective and more substantive manner.
 the secretary-general has already put forward the development of the united nations.
 it is also necessary to establish more clearly the user's user and evaluate results.
 mr chan kam-lam said the speech made by mr chan kam-lam would be somewhat shorter than my speech, but my speech is still shorter than that.
 lithuania attaches great importance to the role of the other international forums dealing with the issue of counter-terrorism.
 the 11 circuit courts of the united states have overlooked the decision of the court of appeal by the court of appeal.
 in this connection, the 30000 displaced persons and 150000 displaced persons in the equatoria region were unavailable in katanga, katanga.
 as a result of the fighting and air strikes in kabul at the end of july, international groups had to leave the city.
 in response to the current economic environment, we also urge the government to consider the feasibility of reducing the cost of pre-employment training courses.
 at most at most, i can only intercept the local saying that the government is not doing anything.
 the current operating operation of unhcr is a total of $ 40 per person.
 a 10 per cent set of payment for the non-us dollar balance should be set up to bridge the floating exchange rate.
 the presidency of the general assembly and the wife.
 the ministerial conference will be held in seattle, which will be an appropriate forum for the appropriate forum.
 he said: " the basic capabilities of primary and secondary schools should be determined in the language of primary and secondary levels.
 therefore, it is undetermined to the expression of the language that is so enriched by the so-called consensus.
 the images of photo-takings-6 and 7-minute photography images are available periodically and on the 7.
 any person affected by the amendments may submit a written statement to the secretary of the town planning board on or before february 24, 2000.
 as for the specific contents of these two ordinances, the hkpa is basically in favour of the hong kong progressive alliance.
 on the contrary, ecuador's imports had gone up, rising 2<unk>3 to 2<unk>3 and 2-digit growth in colombia.
 the recent example is the construction of a golf course in sha lo, which involves the integrity of country parks.
 the content of the broad ranges of projects envisaged is contained in article 11 of the model procurement law.
 a keynote address by the chairman of the hong kong institute of surveyors will be a workshop on the workshop.
 meanwhile, the 12 teenagers arrested during 15 june have also been released on bail pending further investigations.
 this issue has been regularly reported to israel's ministry of foreign affairs, but there are no progress at this stage.
 the regional security system has broadened its capacity to collect information on counter-terrorism activities in the eastern caribbean region.
 she also wished to know how to select the non-governmental organizations (ngos), who provided information and committee on information.
 in order to protect the interests of consumers, i have put forward the motion on behalf of the democratic party today.
 turkey supports the director-general's policy to encourage the strengthening of the field representation, but the country should offer financial contributions or in kind.
 there are 15 different countries of different countries.
 if international treaties have been signed, legal assistance has been given to the legal assistance provided by the treaty.
 these realities have to be addressed in order to ensure that the remaining 70000 people, or at least, most of them are returning to their homes.
 the penalization list is also short of the list of states, and directly victims continue to be the elderly, women and children.
 hon lee cheuk-yan will move an amendment to the motion.
 as to the underemployment rate, there were also appeared in the construction, working, and the transport sectors and the transport sectors and manufacturing industries.
 in view of budgetary constraints, certain limitations have been provided for the costs and expenditures of the lawyers assigned to assignment.
 this is the exception of the exceptional nature of the exceptions, and it is not possible to stay in the long run.
 however, during each of the weekend, it was a result of the return of small children.
 the bank did not wish to take another one thing that is, the government's instructions on how to handle the business of their business.
 for enquiries, please call 246 611,011, reservation: reservation: reservation: reservation: 24734 9009.
 therefore, it is possible for the taiwan strait to look into the research.
 the procedure for the seizure of the assets of the assets of assets (unmiss bank accounts) between 190 and 2001 of the criminal code of georgia.
 " apart from the case, we think we need to extend to the training and traffic aspects, " he said.
 since the establishment of the united nations for 50 years, albania has been one of the most gratified dictatorships of the continent.
 we are not in favour of adopting pressure on the north korean nuclear issue.
 then, you will ask what i would like to say. they will be welcomed, without saying that they would not be allowed to join.
 he was detained after a few days later.
 investigations by special investigation team, traffic, hong kong island, are continuing.
 finland will be actively involved in this conference, adopting a global and effective treaty to halt the further spread of anti-personnel landmines.
 furthermore, article 13 to 18 should be considered by reference to the international regime in which the international system should be considered.
 1970-1975, the uss embassy of the soviet embassy in italy.
 the code of ethics of ethics should be applied to the legitimate commercial activities of the conflict areas.
 the prerequisites should be the subject of fairness, non-discrimination and objectivity.
 the answer is yes.
 the spokesman added that all the sales arrangements were not sold for sale at the home ownership scheme, the spokesman added.
 during the same period, there were 535 300 births in hong kong, while the number of deaths was 32000.
 however, i have brought it, because this issue reflects the responsibility of the history of the balkans and the people of the balkans.
 when we talk about hong kong's future talks, some chinese leaders said: " the chinese can also do so. "
 more than any other group, they need the attention and care of the family, social and government.
 food-contaminated food was reported to have been exported by polluted food, food in other places, and then re-exported food.
 with regard to the choice of the family name, reservations were made at the time of ratification of this convention.
 they were also discussed and agreed to stop the flow of arms into the country.
 from the short-term perspective, the government should carefully discuss their views with the industry.
 thinking about the children of the child, i also wish to take all the victims over the past 10 years.
 if ni kuang talked about taiwan's copyright, you can't talk about the copyrights in taiwan.
 the general plan has concentrated on assisting girls and women to raise self-esteem.
 he strongly reiterated that the management and palau are committed to maintaining the environment and culture of palau.
 on the 17, 1928, 1928, 1928, the secretary of the ccp commissioned secretary of the ccp commissioned to pingjiang.
 in addition to the promotion of chickens, there was an indirect form of correlation between the local and farmers.
 the advisory committee requested copies of the memorandum of understanding that the memorandum of understanding had not been received.
 against that backdrop, the committee was trying to understand all the hidden acts of iraq.
 the special rapporteur undertook a visit to rwanda.
 the person has lost the fighting.
 the main reason for the unencumbered balance was the termination of the units programme.
 furthermore, as a member of international contributions, we will continue to make direct contributions to the palestinians.
 research and practical applications in the field of remote sensing in remote sensing of remote sensing.
 under the basic law, all permanent residents of the hong kong special administrative region shall have the right to vote and be elected.
 in the reporting period, 40 enterprises in the service industry were in the reporting period, creating or rescued 79 of the loans during the reporting period.
 early in june, members of the council participated in the drafting of the further reaction to the nuclear tests conducted by india and may.
 i take this opportunity to thank the friendly countries, international organizations and the united nations, which continue to provide assistance to our country.
 we have to persuade friends to understand their own and honest faces.
 a few months later, the storm has hit hong kong as a result of a very painful adjustment period.
 ah, the landscape was also closed yesterday.
 after protest gatherings, some of the populations dismissed into the blockade. the police was disbanded by a high water pressure.
 the establishment of a programme of work for the establishment of trade points (see annex 4) is only consistent in recent years.
 i think it is most important to respect civil servants so as to allow them to sit in the negotiating table and to discuss with you.
 the committee expresses its concern at the changes in the pension system, which affects women's impact than on men.
 (c) the force commander's office of the force is sensitive to two local level posts.
 in fact, it has decided to reduce the expectations of the world economy and the expectations of international trade.
 the department of community development secretary for developmental development division and family support division has launched advocacy activities, national day, exhibitions and similar activities.
 " the exhibition has been extremely successful, " said michael ho.
 the international community should treat human rights globally in a fair and equal manner, in a fair and equal manner.
 despite evident difficulties, these positive developments have shown that, in spite of tangible difficulties, these positive developments have shown that conflict prevention is a strategy that is being implemented.
 also, the provisions of article 22 of the joint declaration are also found in article 122 of the basic law.
 he kicked me.
 us dollar deposits increased by 17 per cent in july and in november, only marginally 0.6% in december.
 the committee would like to know the findings of this incident.
 it is clear, however, that women's capacities fully participate fully in the economic and social and economic resources and their rights.
 the discussions of the general assembly and the committees have clearly reflected the urgency of a common concern for all humanity.
 their despair and suffering must be put to an end.
 " we will do our utmost to preserve our success, " mr tung said.
 in view of the position of position, the chinese side put forward a reasonable solution.
 of all, it is, after all, of us$ 12300000, after all, to purchase humanitarian goods.
 the rent indices in the consumer price index reflect the changes in rent paid by hong kong households.
 it was concentrated on whether such a practice should be concentrated on whether the proceeds of the proceeds will be traced to the original bond.
 he believed that preparatory work for the beijing olympic games was to be successful in the preparation of the 2008 olympic games.
 on the basis of its multi-year programme, the committee considered the key issue of productive employment, on the basis of its multi-year programme.
 what the economic slump can do is to meet the critical situation we will face.
 in 2000, the maternity protection ordinance also prohibits the protection of women workers in the workplace.
 paraguay facilities have a significant improvement in paraguay.
 welcome everyone.
 in this connection, the financial secretary has agreed that the financial secretary had agreed to make a positive development, and we hope to be implemented as soon as possible.
 to the public, the importance of the general assembly hall is more than the art culture.
 in most countries, the population of the elderly population is far greater than that of overall population growth.
 a 45-year-old man was killed in a no. 1 alarm fire at 2 am today (friday) at 2 am today (friday).
 in addition, it was reported that the national archives museum was looted on 12 may 1994.
 i am honoured to be invited to officiate at the opening ceremony of china's space technology achievements fair.
 their discipline and behaviour are strict, and they have acted on their own.
 these proposals have been a long-standing opinion of the public.
 " there is no need for undue alarm, " the spokesman said.
 police appeal to members of the public who are aware of the whereabouts of the missing person who is urged to contact investigating officers of the regional missing person in kowloon east kowloon east kowloon.
 in this connection, the advisory committee was informed that the secretariat would be interested in reviewing the schedule for system-wide meetings.
 in the 74-year-old man, the voices of the voices and voices of the 74-year-old people look at all 100 patients every day.
 this incident occurred on the road near pahktti.
 the general unemployment rate is several times higher.
 the government of a number of countries of industrialized countries have already given the hipc initiative to suspend the debts, which also merits further consideration.
 the century and the millennium have seen mankind's great achievements, and see some catastrophies.
 mr deputy president, i would like to say a few words on my amendment. i would like to say a few words on this issue.
 the number of casualties in armed conflict is the civilian population.
 people will be phased as the biotechnology revolution of biotechnology.
 i think that the chinese government understands the accuracy of the basic law and the accuracy of the basic law.
 the conduct of these rights may be brought to the competent authority.
 the united nations is to address many of these challenges.
 this provision provides for the growing needs of the iraqi people to food and medicine, which is the oil-for-food programme.
 note: the chinese philosphant charitable and chinese temples have been established soon after the promulgation of the 1928 chinese temples ordinance.
 it is well known that the recruitment and convincing between the voluntary recruitment and compulsory recruitment of recruitment are sometimes very difficult.
 on the issue of the japanese text of your publication, the letter was written on written texts.
 at the same time, the inflation rate remained high, and it is expected that the inflation rate for this year will close almost 10 per cent.
 mr ip also mentioned that he saw a lot of people in the community, as well as the sino-british row.
 i am also very glad to agree that the amendment has been proposed by some of the proposed administrative requirements.
 it is clear that we have no need to repeat them here.
 a number of them will be drafted for the conclusions and recommendations of the review committee at its 1 session.
 imis is a complex project which has a profound impact on the management of united nations personnel, budgets and financial operations.
 if we continue to do so, the number of purchases and buyings is high.
 in line with the relevant measures, customs officers, the lands department, the lands department and the planning department will carry out such operations in conjunction with the oil companies.
 mr. wang yingfan (china) (spoke in chinese): my honourable wang yingfan (china) (spoke in chinese): i congratulate you on your assumption of the presidency of the council.
 in addition, the military observers and civilian police are unable to ensure security.
 the objective of the text was to put forward certain political options and rights to the states concerned following the introduction of an internationally wrongful act.
 upon receiving the report, police officers received investigations into three rooms of the three hotels on march 27.
 they must accept the continuing professional training and registration of their <unk> her authorized authority.
 in late february each year, parents who are invited to participate in the central allocation will be invited to submit their choice in march.
 the implementation of these technological costs, however, is very effective.
 i was also said to be a little hesitation with him.
 the contradiction in paragraph 3, paragraph 3, is even more obvious.
 the minimum age for duty service will all benefit people from the benefit of every society.
 the view was expressed that the draft guide should address the issue of compensation for the insolvency representative in the draft guide.
 i would like to repeat the points earlier that i hope honourable members ' loyalty will be fair to those loyalty.
 upon a lack of other speakers, the chairman shall declare the debate an end to the debate.
 he said: " you often contact the course of their work, " he said.
 i believe that it is not necessary to keep a decision on the situation in the future, which is not necessary.
 the brothers of the 2 sisters are suffering from starvation, and the thunderstorms and thunderstorms.
 " we should continue our efforts to improve the standard of service, which is our expectations.
 it can lay down a huge step forward in the future.
 the members of the community now strongly support these freedoms through a bill of rights, which is now in favour of a bill of rights.
 in my view, the government is like a " own ".
 however, when visited new york, when visiting airplanes went to new york, it was prevented from entering the united states.
 " otherwise, the pace of economic recovery in south-east asia will be considerably reduced. "
 the united kingdom considered that this court should be consistent with a number of guidelines.
 in order to reduce capital outflow outflows, i think the government should actively implement the policy.
 the vienna convention on the law of treaties involves the issue of a multilateral convention and agreement, including human rights treaties.
 myanmar chose the path of democracy: the government of myanmar is in the process of a truly democratic state that oriented towards a market economy.
 it has also been reported that, on 7 june 2000, the rwandan soldiers had snatched 7, including 5 children.
 " we will submit an appeal as soon as possible, " he said.
 (b) management of private land is the responsibility of land titles.
 this is more vulnerable to the poor.
 we also think that the life of hong kong's culture of life is really the ideal city where we can set up. "
 in a number of countries, cross-border cross-border negotiable negotiable instruments are within customs and law controls, such as smuggling or violation of foreign exchange controls.
 more than 95% of both salaries and personal income tax will receive tax refund in the next two weeks.
 however, we must overcome the sorrows and seriously consider what japan needs to do.
 in the sudan, welfare and social development bureau is responsible for the observance of the tenth anniversary.
 he also served as the chairman of the administrative committee of the administrative committee and the committee on the identity of the secretary-general.
 the exhibition, which was organized by the permanent mission of italy and the department of public information, will conclude on friday, 5 november.
 at the same time, the difference of life expectancy at birth is the differences in the differences in the differences in life expectancy.
 2, the balance of checks and balances between the executive and the legislation is.
 most people in the streets have no way to work.
 it is perhaps the same as the status of an identity.
 next, let us take you a little bit of you to look at iraq's policy in the past.
 in addition, the members may personally observe the investigation of the capo's investigation.
 when i look down, i would like to look at my remarks.
 despite a good financial performance, the structural adjustment programme had not achieved its goals in the context of the gdp growth rate.
 right, a little distinction.
 if we want the united nations to play a pivotal position, the united nations must have a means of walking before the developments.
 in his his budget, the financial secretary mentioned the expression " under the lion rock ".
 public housing estates will be responsible for repairing works on the ground.
 after the election, mr applause believed that this is the last sitting of the legislative council meeting.
 " the number of industrial accidents and accidents in the catering industry have been declining.
 the croatian police are still carrying out regular walks and vehicles on a regular basis.
 mr cheung said that the ed has some misunderstandings on the ed.
 the united nations now needs more support than ever before.
 prior to the formal implementation of the scheme, the administration will carefully consider all the views of the registration scheme.
 his excellency the president: mr. martin lee, you will be asked to raise the views of the honourable martin lee.
 as a matter of fact, the government has been winding down in recent times, saying that it would be possible to reduce the salaries of the civil service.
 in the evening, he will fly to north america on the last stop of the 10th visit to north america.
 the exports of developing countries to the united states increased from 22 per cent in 1990 to 28 per cent in 2000.
 the website is expected to be completed in 2004.
 at its 12 session, at its 12 session, the tribunal decided to present the matter to the meeting of states parties.
 let's just dry down her shoes as her husband.
 while there is a need for a analysis of the data and the quantitative components of the post-review analysis in the annexed data.
 the report pointed out, however, that the local markets had been food and especially sold, but the purchasing power of the population is very limited.
 the advisory committee agrees with this view and recommended that the current rate of 23.7 per cent should be retained.
 the achievements of the international community in the fight against terrorism should not be the reason why the gains achieved in the fight against terrorism should not be justified.
 the administration has admitted to the ad hoc group that " national security " is about the interests of sovereign states.
 however, hong kong's continued economic growth, the surplus of the couriers has many many other countries.
 this should be done.
 the under-secretary-general has stated that the scope of the time frame for the commission is not determined.
 in many years, a large number of documents have proved to have paid a price to life because of inadequate water supply.
 the treaty is limited to banning nuclear explosions, but without the testing of nuclear tests in the testing room, or the production of new weapons systems.
 they answered that, as a result, he was unable to receive him.
 overall, the overall scope of the whole can be far greater than its general strength.
 (b) the clp draws the full range of day-to-people hours since may 1 of this year.
 the person who has misinformed the green paper is really talking about eight.
 in 1993, the appointment of the re-appointments of china as a member of the chartered institute of arbitrators in 2000.
 the department also issued 25 occupation permits -- seven on hong kong island, two in kowloon and 16 in the new territories.
 priority was given to cooperation with regard to the capacities of human rights and human capacities to strengthen human rights and human rights.
 the average age group of this age group about 5 hours per week.
 this phase will lead to a single unified repayment rate for all other equipment and consumption.
 we must be carefully used as the most powerful international law.
 science and technology, scientific and technological advances, scale of economic cooperation, and the scale of economic cooperation has been accelerated.
 the topic of interconnections with the museum of chinese and chinese paintings will also be brought together.
 in his rational sense, he was wearing a sense of denunciation.
 i spoke about the response of the crisis to sexual exploitation in west africa.
 but the most fundamental most fundamental and the fact that the angolans themselves are truly committed to peace and national reconciliation.
 china's exporters and investors have increased substantially in the eu's activities.
 there are few indications that the existence of a solid drugs in fiji.
 in this way, it was felt that the event was quite happy.
 some brazilian turtles, such as the bath-shih, and the sea, are occupied by the sea.
 women are also subject to discrimination against the work of the same person or are subjected to slavery in mortgages.
 (i) more than 50 per cent of its economy<unk> (ii) more than 50 per cent of its economy<unk> (ii) typically developed countries in general.
 the 1 time in history, saint lucia, has been the 1 female head of state.
 in some cases, non-governmental organizations have tried to influence a government.
 such aatic phenomenon was the product of a new system of system that was built by a state by an independent state of the state.
 recently, there have been some of the rumors that have passed out in 1988 and were opposed to 1988 direct elections.
 east timor, however, will require sustained resources as long as a large number of refugees returned to life and the potential for return of refugees.
 in the capital baghdad, a police agency was attacked by car bombs, killing at least five persons and 19 injured.
 in the last few months, cases of violations of human rights and criminal cases were also reduced.
 his election had been highlighted by his election, his personal qualities and his experience in international affairs.
 since the tourism industry is a people-oriented industry, no such staff cannot survive.
 at the time of brib, we shall be veiled to 173 pairs of thread and 133 pairs of threads.
 for the sake of " withdrawal ".
 at the same time, the housing department does not have trained specialist trained persons to deal with the hawkers.
 in the context of non-possessory security conditions, the debtor should also be held responsible for the maintenance and maintenance of their assets.
 i am confident that such arrangements, particularly with respect to mutual legal assistance, will make the fruit of the future.
 however, in the context of the urgent need, we have not seen any meaningful progress.
 in the vicinity, the explosion occurred near the scene, and the scene of the scene was unable to find a fatal wound.
 the council has also started a new " ignit " meeting, namely, the opening up of the united nations to all states members of the united nations.
 the democratic republic of the congo notes that all measures have been taken to ensure that it is not far in the near future.
 as mentioned above, the office is also not referred to in section viii of the document.
 i have been accepted by the constitutional affairs division of the secretary for constitutional affairs, which is unable to do so.
 equitable distribution is equally important.
 two vacancies still need to be filled, the meeting was suspended and that the meeting was resumed on the same day.
 the carparks adjacent to the visitors centre will also be closed.
 currently, the growth in revenue generated by clients ' portfolios remained stable, significantly better than the performance of the company's 500 industrial index.
 many people do not enjoy the convenience of carts.
 in mid-july this year, li was a member of the country's visit to japan to attend the 8 world conference in the 8 world conference.
 the 3 least developed countries will be held in brussels from 14 to 20 may 2001.
 the project is part of the comprehensive development plan for ma wan island.
 in accordance with this commitment, france will submit its report to the secretariat, as soon as possible, as to the details of these units.
 the chairperson also stressed the need for the secretariat to participate fully in the preparation of background documents, including the preparation of the background documents, directly in the meetings.
 we are fully aware of the importance of the mandate of the commission on human settlements.
 new york, jan. 12 <unk> prnewswire-asianet <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
 xiao qi is a well-being, he is satisfied with the satisfaction and love of the girl child.
 mr cheung said the " hong kong's occupational safety " is a keynote address.
 if you want you to do something, i specially come to you.
 the new strength of hong kong's new airport is the most advanced in the radar and other technological instruments that have been set up.
 despite the limited financial resources of the financial difficulties, many small sums could be derived from large amounts of money.
 as to the substance of the draft articles, some people indicated that the content of the draft is already complex and needs to be reduced.
 this is not only because we want to uphold the rule of law and to maintain hong kong as an international financial centre.
 the percentage of the total programme budget for the biennium 2002-2003 is tabled in table 8.1.
 as the secretary-general has said, all states need to make their generous commitments as soon as possible.
 of course, the author was not opposed to the employment of students at the grass-roots level.
 it is not until lin ming-wang's 50-year-old temper at 50 years old and found that it became a 180 change.
 the israeli occupying forces also stormed into all houses of the village, destroying a house and burned another.
 those who have symptoms should consult their doctors as early as possible for early detection and treatment in order to develop their symptoms.
 child prostitution is a child prostitution which means, or any other forms of consideration, use or facilitating the use of children to engage in sexual activity.
 this is fine.
 meanwhile, the value of orders-on-year increases in the metal products industry increased further by 2%.
 it is also important for the long-standing external debt problems faced by african countries, which accounted for 1<unk>3 of these countries.
 after many years of debate and for many years now, we have now come back to the beginning.
 in addition, the economic and social council has 14 panels of panels of experts, rather than the representative of states.
 the expert units were provided with more in-depth tactical training.
 the entire project will be completed in the autumn of 2006.
 south-south cooperation should not be seen as a substitute for north-south cooperation, and should be seen as its complement.
 investigations by special investigation team, traffic, new territories south, are proceeding.
 the network of family relations is being collapsed, traditional family structure is taking place many changes.
 to ensure the quality of the language of the schools, the establishment of the chinese language textbooks committee is set up.
 another speculation is that " bank's business is best doing, " so long as the battle battle blows.
 some of them are said to have been injured.
 while the ethiopian delegation appreciated the leadership role played by unctad in this field, the panellists just presented some interesting questions without solutions.
 the united nations military contingent will assist those who might have to interfere with the process of democratization.
 however, in order to be effective, it is necessary to view trades with other priorities, such as education, health and management.
 however, it reportedly denied that the person had denied denied that the person had been taken to him, and then no one has disappeared.
 in order to avoid public funding, the interests of political parties should be subject to public funding, and they should be subject to strict control and maintaining transparency.
 it is expected to be completed in 2000, which will provide background information and exercises to the working group on the right to development.
 but, unexpectedly, sun sun yun-yun reached countless waves.
 meanwhile, the chairman of the small and medium enterprises (smes) committee held a report to the chief executive this morning.
 asianet daily summary-press releases distributed for tuesday, 20 november 2001.
 because of the history of history, the vast land of the new territories is only controlled by collective official.
 we welcome the partnership in these areas, " he added.
 if you want to make the computer, " you don't do not want you " not to do so. "
 prior to may 1998, the indonesian security forces in al-jaca, who appeared in iraq, seemed to be the blame, no matter whether or locally.
 please watch the 5 episodes of new zealand's visit to new zealand, and innovative innovations.
 on 18 june 1998, the commission adopted the provisions of resolution 1171 (1998) of 1871 (1998).
 during the testing of the experimental system, it was suggested that it would be recommended to affect the participation of district and protective areas.
 a number of programmes on this seminar have been screened by national television which helps to raise awareness among the public.
 if a person is aged 65 or 65, it is not entitled to earn a minimum wage.
 in general, such information will not be disclosed.
 he was mr tung-ming and his heart was always committed to achieving success in law.
 the special rapporteur requested the competent bodies to conduct the review without delay in accordance with the highest international standards.
 " the labour department will find suitable vacancies for non-local graduates under the scheme.
 this co-operation will do well as a result of china's recent accession to the world trade organization and the 2008 olympic games.
 recently, a scholar from the mainland, a academic scholar from the mainland and hong kong university of hong kong.
 as a whole, the existing system has already been exercising checks and balances.
 he said that if someone had theft, he amply cut off his hands and ensures the safety of thousands of people.
 the participation of kosovo serbs in the elections demonstrates the importance attached to provisional self-government.
 the disneyni was the headquarters of the ruf.
 so far there's no question of " taipei's dignity " signatories, and it is now up to the new studio.
 the name of this name is completely fabricated. "
 <unk> 1944 <unk> new zealand was born in new zealand, cloritt rice, university of canberra university, canberra university and the australian national university.
 in the conventional market, two chickens are interdependent with each other.
 details of the proposal, in both english and chinese, will be put up at the point of view of the proposed project.
 because the dpp has a new impetus to the new democratic progressive party.
 in the manufacturing industry, it is indeed a great deal of staff.
 the claimant provided the export credit guarantees for exporters and contractors.
 with the help of non-governmental organizations, the government has developed a national plan for action in various areas.
 the committee recommends greater attention to the accuracy of the estimated requirements.
 under the health organization act, all persons in estonia have the right to medical medical care (art. 5).
 the european union considers the lusaka agreement to be the most viable basis for conflicts.
 the national daily also quoted economists from bangkok in bangkok, " nobody knows how much the cost is. "
 zhou enlai's " hung lelai " is published in this paper and published in liaoning publishing publishing publishing.
 madam president, the secretary michael suen is a " diet ".
 in the atmosphere of the atmosphere, i might say that some of the grey atmosphere are more open.
 the comments of the international court of justice, referred to in the annexes, are contained in the annexes.
 after the performance, the response to the audience was warmly encouraging, bringing together members and staff members with great encouragement.
 i can also mention some examples of the chronically ill patients who went to the hospital authority to seek work on the hospital authority.
 the approval needs to be amended to reflect the latest development proposals of the kowloon hang hang hang.
 in fact, all i arrived in chongqing.
 the panel is in support of ensuring gender sensitivity in 2001.
 she has the right to enjoy the rights of the highest expensive.
 all relevant departments will be involved in a variety of activities which are involved in a variety of activities, from arrest to the victims of the victims.
 with regard to this obligation of the state party, the committee noted that, in some instances, reports would mention the current situation in other countries.
 it is estimated that, in general, 100 fighters per hour can be traced to approximately 15000 small arms ammunition.
 2, to reduce tensions.
 we would first, first and foremost, take action on the economic and other activities which affect the interests of the peoples of the non-self-governing territories.
 he pleaded guilty to his daughter's daughter.
 furthermore, no cash was available for the current peacekeeping financing.
 my delegation also thanked under-secretary-general for his briefing this morning.
 it is likely that developing countries have gone down on foreign investment, with potential financial instability.
 a joint international seminar was organized jointly with the government of the czech republic in prague on 24 and 25 june 1998.
 since the transactions involved only the transfer of a banking licence, the total number of banks in hong kong remains unchanged at 177.
 this is mainly attributed to the concept of disagreement over the past 5 years, or has not been divided over the past 5 years.
 hiv <unk> aids has led to suffering from disease and orphans<unk> the increase in the conflict more deeply aggravated conflicts.
 in january this year, mr. sergio de mello proposed a general strengthening of the efficiency of civilian police to handle the efficiency of complicated operations.
 our assessment is that the conditions of return to sierra leone and liberia are now non-existent.
 this figure will increase by 19 per cent of africas population growth in africa.
 at the same time, the situation is even worse compared to those of thailand, china, indonesia, south korea and india.
 a typical consumer of the united states is a typical consumer in the life of 1000 hours to see 150000 advertisements.
 i think it is important that the humanitarian situation in iraq is somewhat disastrous.
 this is a kind of worthy topics.
 the office urges the department to help bring the new political will towards the formation of new member states for financial commitments.
 our finances are lucky than the united kingdom, so there is no need for it to be struck by no need.
 the last time image of la laden's image was lasted by the end of 2004, but his deputy, al-zawahri.
 the 4 area is the creation of national institutions based on the rule of law.
 the council has established a working group on waste reduction by the government, as well as the working group on waste reduction.
 the honourable martin lee said that the government had not responded to this matter. "
 before the day, hu nai-yuan made a simple set of melodies.
 the gross surplus of the industry accounted for 17.2% of the total receipts, a percentage point lower than in 1995.
 in post-conflict children, children have a dominant position in the societies and children needs to be taken care of.
 the bosnian serb forces carried out military attacks on civilian targets, with a daily death.
 a spokesman for the department said that during the two-week period during the two-week period, the overall response rate was 95%.
 the chickens were sent to the market before they were delivered to the market, " he added.
 he said that the secretariat would like to ask the executive board to provide guidance on those practices.
 the demilitarized zone is about 240 kilometres long and extends 10 kilometres into iraq and 5 kilometres into kuwait.
 more than 70 per cent of all children working in family services were girls.
 as a result, a number of measures have been developed to ensure that the demand for prisoners is met.
 consolidation of the regime established by the treaty for the prohibition of nuclear weapons in latin america and the caribbean (treaty of tlatelolco) (p. 91).
 the 1 secret of taiwan's 1 governor liu ming-chuan also came to taiwan because of the war.
 the central meteorological station predicts that the fog weather will be affected by a large fog, which will affect north china and other places.
 the reasons for this section have recalled the reasons for the fact that the right to food may be heard.
 at the end of the 19 century, the ox was bumped into taiwan.
 a revision of the criminal law and criminal procedure was amended in order to supplement the national legal system.
 failure to obtain appropriate legal sanctions for any person who engages in the weapons of arms will be able to facilitate compliance with the procedures for authorization.
 the government and the business community have launched a series of events in order to consolidate hong kong's confidence in hong kong.
 however, the armed forces are too large, and the federal budget could not be maintained.
 at the dinner, the hong kong ballet tour group toured the exhibition at the evening.
 speaking at the opening ceremony, the director of home affairs, ms lee chi-lung, said: " hong kong has always been a community of immigration.
 on 30 may, a new fighting took place with the taliban forces in the north-west, abdullah raddidum, in the north-western part of the taliban.
 the volume of data in computer systems is also very easy to visit and a search of the privacy and other related issues.
 this document will be included in the voluntary text of the asean regional forum of asean, indicating what developments in the security situation in the asean region, as well as their awareness.
 every day, the soldiers said that the items would be handed down and repeatedly delayed.
 " the more late implementation of the mpf system, " he added.
 the committee was informed that the use of the car from rwanda, which was replaced by the united nations assistance mission in rwanda.
 on the contrary, they tend to rely on the people of the people, as the enemy, as the enemy.
 the railway system is an integral part of hong kong's transport system.
 under the provisions of the convention, the recognition of troop-contributing countries is an important partner of peacekeeping operations.
 i think this will be a very sad one.
 in this election, china is completely sure to ensure that hong kong is a dictatorship of the asset class.
 it seemed that, despite the intention of the author to take advantage of this procedure, they had not been utilized.
 " it's the essence of a strategy that does not follow suit, but it does not follow suit, " he added.
 the record will be released in july.
 in the era of the 1940s, johnson has been over half a century ago.
 however, the bill, which has been submitted to this council today, has a big question of whether the bill submitted to this council will be implemented within the transitional period.
 after she arrived in the united states from new zealand via los angeles, sand was arrested on the 3 of this month.
 the financial secretary, mr antony leung, will present the hong kong economic outlook for 2003 and the future of hong kong.
 the economy is highly dependent on resources, particularly natural gas, production and processing.
 some experts said that statistics had not been adequately reflected in the size of the problem.
 therefore, we have to choose a variety of bricks in different areas of the different areas.
 since 1978, china's implementation of economic reform had changed.
 within the framework of the shanghai forum, bishkek had been established.
 at the same time, the united nations must also recognize that the fundamental basis has changed.
 we will continue to advise young people to have a very negative impact on health, " he added.
 some of the findings are as follows: in addition to the social studies, mathematics, mathematics, mathematics, mathematics, mathematics, agricultural and reading.
 the total revenue of this year's competition was $ 10205, compared with $ 255600 compared with $ 255600 last year.
 these provisions should be dealt with with the chinese side.
 non-monetary items carried out by historical costs in other currencies are translated into exchange rates of the united nations operational rate of exchange.
 we also believe that the expeditious establishment of the international criminal court is a fundamental way to facilitate respect for international law and human rights.
 we have also gone to the ranking of the best service providers in hong kong for two consecutive years, " he added.
 in the wake of the incident, i am sure that my doctorate friends have expressed strong discontent with the parties concerned.
 " it is necessary to amend the approved ozp to reflect the latest land use proposals in north-eastern lantau, " the spokesman said.
 this has forced the bilateral negotiations to start at this stage.
 to that end, it was necessary for member states to pay assessed contributions on time, in full and without conditions.
 information kept in the central register of establishments is updated on a quarterly basis. updated information in respect of the 2 quarter of 1999 is now available.
 for more than half a century, mankind lives in a sustained nuclear danger.
 he said that in order to address these problems, a formation of the prime minister was set up on prime minister headed by prime minister.
 in everything it is ready to be ready, it needs to be carried out until 2003-03, the longer it will take.
 no other groups were in this way.
 the conduct is comparable with that of a serious violation of the four geneva conventions.
 2. as a summary of the financial statements, it is applied to the financial statements.
 in the southern southern south of yunnan, there will be rains in some areas of guangxi south.
 on behalf of the government and people of the comoros, i would like to express its condolences to the families of the israeli government.
 undp has not yet undertaken a programme of trusting confidence in the structure of undp.
 the bureau of the year 2000 was chaired by the delegations of the delegations of mali, as chairman of the two delegations, chaired by the delegations of mali.
 ohchr will promote the development of the right to development at its disposal, planning, policies and centres for operational activities.
 the vocational training council (vcs) is now conducting an average of about 70 examinations per week for an average of approximately 3 000 candidates.
 when the culprit escaped by the culprits, the victim had entered the flat. he told him that the incident had been disclosed.
 authorities have announced today the national day.
 for example, it was not only late for the 3 phases.
 " it is important that the peace process should continue, and it should be possible to work and employment.
 the printing volume has been over 30 per cent.
